So time to make our items editable by clicking them in our shopping list component where we have our
items I want to add a click listener to the item so that we well can click it here.
I want to call on an item.
Of course any name you like simply copy it.
Now here though I also want to get the idea of the ingredient and I need the ideas are there and later
able to replace the correct one in the array of ingredients which is managed in a service.
So let's extract the ID like this.
I equals it next to get the well index of the current iteration and let's pass it here as an argument.
Now I can copy this name and go into my type's code here.
I want to add on added item and I know that I will get the index year which will be a number.
And now there are a couple of ways of getting this information.
This index to the shopping added component which is in the end where I want to get it to because that
is where we are editing.
I will use the service or specifically a subject in that service to which I can listen into shopping
at that component.
So I will add a new subject and shopping lists service and data name started editing.
Sounds like a fitting name.
It'll be a new subject and subject is a generic type.
It will hold a number in the end.
That's all I need to change here with this subject created in on and it's item I can reach out to the
shopping list service which we already inject and then use started editing and emit a new value my index
which will make sure that now we pass on this index.
Q our subject for now is that I can listen to it in some other place that our place is going to be in
the shopping added component here in Engy on in it.
This sounds like a good place to do the listening.
I'm already injecting the shopping service so here I will subscribe to my started editing subject and
of course I should clean up the subscription.
If we destroy this component so I will store it in a property named subscription which is of type subscription
which I should import from our exchange as subscription and or move up.
Both these imports here to the top of the file.
So if dad we got our subscription property as I just said I'm going to store my subscription in this
property.
And now I will implement on the stroy.
Therefore you should import this interface from at Igla core and then all implement energy on destroy
to clean up the subscription.
Just to be sure that you don't create a memory leak.
So that's to clean up work.
But what should happen inside of this.
Well here we know that we will receive the number of the item we're about to edit and as will be triggered
whenever we submit the well started editing information.
We also know something else.
We only get here into this anonymous function.
If you start editing was triggered.
So if we are editing.
So that isn't important information when it comes to what we should do wants to form a submitted should
we create a new item or edit an existing one.
So I want to store the mode we're in here in a property and name it edit mode and by default.
It's false here.
However I will set edit mode to true because we are editing right.
So with this we now get the index and we are editing.
I also want to store the index of the item we're editing so edit it.
Item index could be a property name.
It will be a number in the end and it will get initialized here.
Edited item index will be the index we're getting here as an argument.
So we've got a lot of important information.
Now with that information I want to load the item we're about to edit so that is something I'll do in
the next lecture.